src/content/index.md, before:

---
layout: layout.njk
title: Getting Started with Baseline
---

Welcome to Baseline 🎉 We're really happy that you made it to the documentation pages of Baseline. 
If you ever run into any issues which are not addressed by the docs, please reach out to us [support@baseline.dev](mailto:support@baseline.dev).  

## How do I get access to Baseline?

**Short answer:** 
Head to http://baseline.dev and request an invite.

**Longer answer:** 
We decided to make Baseline invite only for now. 
We do this because we want you to have a delightful experience when you try out Baseline for the first time.
This means that we aim to cover each and every external service you are using. This takes a bit of time. 
When you request an invite, we ask you to share the services which you are using. 
There is a high chance that we already support your needs, and if so, we'll send you an invite right away.
If not, we will prioritize the missing integrations and let you know once they have launched.
Eventually, once we support a big party of services used by you, we will open Baseline to everybody.

## Getting started with the Baseline CLI

First, head to https://baseline.dev/download and download the Baseline CLI. 
Currently we support OSX. After downloading the CLI, unzip the file and launch the CLI.

## Requesting the access token

After you have requested access to Baseline, we will reach out to you and provide you with an access token.
Launch the CLI and past the access token when the CLI asks you for it. You are now ready to go.

Commit message:

Added docs for the CLI and asset “building”.

src/content/index.md, after:

---
layout: layout.njk
title: Getting Started with Baseline
---

Welcome to Baseline 🎉 We're really happy that you made it to the documentation pages of Baseline. 
If you ever run into any issues which are not addressed by the docs, please reach out to us [support@baseline.dev](mailto:support@baseline.dev).  

## How do I get access to Baseline?

**Short answer:** 
Head to http://baseline.dev and request an invite.

**Longer answer:** 
We decided to make Baseline invite only for now. 
We do this because we want you to have a delightful experience when you try out Baseline for the first time.
This means that we aim to cover each and every external service you are using. This takes a bit of time. 
When you request an invite, we ask you to share the services which you are using. 
There is a high chance that we already support your needs, and if so, we'll send you an invite right away.
If not, we will prioritize the missing integrations and let you know once they have launched.
Eventually, once we support a big party of services used by you, we will open Baseline to everybody.
In any case, head over to http://baseline.dev and request an invite :)

## Getting started with the Baseline CLI

For more information on how to use the Baseline CLI, header over to our [dedicated docs](/getting-started/cli.html).
